Hello everyone and welcome to the lecture on company matching sites.
In this lecture we're going to learn what a company's matching site is.
We're going to look at various company matching sites and you could check out the next lecture for continuously
updated list of links.
So don't worry about marking down the Web sites we're going to check out in the next lecture.
There's a list of all the links you can check out yourself.
So it is good and jumped the browser.
Check out the sites and get an explanation of what we mean by company matching sites.
OK.
So the first site we're going to talk about and give you the premise for what a company matching site
is is hired dot com.
H i r e d.
Hired.
So that's one of the most famous of these sort of company matching sites and what you basically do this
is the premise for all of these type of sites is you fill out a profile.
Answer some questions.
And if you're applying for a technical position such as a programmer or developer you'll get some sort
of technical challenge at times on some sort of web site or browser interface.
You do the challenge and if you pass the challenge then you get matched employers looking to hire candidates
hired in particular you answer a few questions.
Do their challenge if you're applying for a technical position and then a company companies send you
offers and they give you the compensation they would provide you with upfront.
So you know right away whether the interview process is worth going over again.
These are really interview offers.
They don't give you a straight up job offers.
You still have to interview with the company.
But if you're lucky enough to get a job they're hired you'll get a $2000 bonus from hired a really similar
Web site is a white truffle.
Again one application one profile you pass some sort of coding challenge a get matched with a couple
of thousand companies.
OK.
Next site we're going to talk about is indeed prime so indeed prime.
Same thing as white truffle and hired.
I know we talked about in the dot.com which was a basic job search tool.
Indeed Pryme you fill out a profile pass a technical challenge.
And if you get matched for company and take the offer you get a $5000 signing bonus.
Indeed if you're interested in working at a startup you can check out under-dog that IPO which is the
same thing as the other sites except it's focused on startups.
If you're wanting to work at a Y C start up so y Combinator is an incubator for startups.
Probably the most famous one in existence if you're interested in NYC startups in general.
You can go to triple bite dot com that's T R I L E.
Byte b y t e.
And it will connect you after applying and pasand their technical interview with Y C startups and then
finally there's anthology that used to be called coachable but it's the same thing you create a profile
and you get better job matches using what they call confidential data.
So private employer data.
All right go ahead and go to the next lecture.
Check out the links.
Again you should really study your stuff and no coding problems well before you check out these sites
.
All right thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture